README.md, before:

# ts-playground

Playground created while reviewing the [TypeScript handbook][1]

## Compilation

#### Generate js code

```console
tsc
```

## Config

#### Recommended starter files

[Repo][2]

#### Helpful flags

###### esModuleInterop

By default (with esModuleInterop `false`) TypeScript treats CommonJS/AMD/UMD modules similar to ES6 modules.

<u>Issue</u>

The ES6 modules spec states a namespace import can only be an object. However, CommonJS allows an import to be treated as a function and be callable.

To fix these errors turn the esModuleInterop flag on.

<u>Reference</U>

- ES6 namespace import `import * as moment from "moment"`
- CommonJS import `const moment = require("moment")`
- ES6 default import `import moment from "moment"`
- CommonJS default import `const moment = require("moment").default`

###### moduleResolution
Values: `'node' | 'classic'`
`node` option checks node_modules folders
###### noEmitOnError
###### noImplicitAny
###### noUncheckedIndexedAccess
- See [example gotcha](/gotchas/indexed-access.ts)
###### sourceMap
###### strictNullChecks
###### strictPropertyInitialization
###### target
The target setting changes which JS features are downleveled and which are left intact. Use the [lib][3] table to see which ES has the features you need then choose a target.
###### traceResolution (use as compiler flag instead of config file)
Provides insight in what happened during the module resolution process.
```console
tsc --traceResolution
```
###### types
If types is specified, only packages listed will be included in the global scope. Example:
 `"types": ["node", "jest", "express"]`

[1]:https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/intro.html
[2]:https://github.com/tsconfig/bases#centralized-recommendations-for-tsconfig-bases
[3]:https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#lib

Commit message:

adds notes for useful tsconfig flags that are applicable with babel pipelines: declaration, emitDeclarationOnly, isolateModules

README.md, after:

# ts-playground

Playground created while reviewing the [TypeScript handbook][1]

## Compilation

#### Generate js code

```console
tsc
```

## Config

#### Recommended starter files

[Repo][2]

#### Helpful flags

###### declaration
When true, emits `.d.ts` files. Use for libraries.
###### emitDeclarationOnly
Ensure that `.d.ts` files are created by tsc, but not .js files. Use when you want another transpiler (e.g. babel) to emit .js files.
###### esModuleInterop

By default (with esModuleInterop `false`) TypeScript treats CommonJS/AMD/UMD modules similar to ES6 modules.

<u>Issue</u>

The ES6 modules spec states a namespace import can only be an object. However, CommonJS allows an import to be treated as a function and be callable.

To fix these errors turn the esModuleInterop flag on.

<u>Reference</U>

- ES6 namespace import `import * as moment from "moment"`
- CommonJS import `const moment = require("moment")`
- ES6 default import `import moment from "moment"`
- CommonJS default import `const moment = require("moment").default`

###### isolatedModules
Ensures that Babel can safely transpile files in the TypeScript project
###### moduleResolution
Values: `'node' | 'classic'`
`node` option checks node_modules folders
###### noEmitOnError
###### noImplicitAny
###### noUncheckedIndexedAccess
- See [example gotcha](/gotchas/indexed-access.ts)
###### sourceMap
###### strictNullChecks
###### strictPropertyInitialization
###### target
The target setting changes which JS features are downleveled and which are left intact. Use the [lib][3] table to see which ES has the features you need then choose a target.
###### traceResolution (use as compiler flag instead of config file)
Provides insight in what happened during the module resolution process.
```console
tsc --traceResolution
```
###### types
If types is specified, only packages listed will be included in the global scope. Example:
 `"types": ["node", "jest", "express"]`

[1]:https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/intro.html
[2]:https://github.com/tsconfig/bases#centralized-recommendations-for-tsconfig-bases
[3]:https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#lib
